[FAMINE] mmmmMMMMmmmm, delicious! So scrumptious, tasty, intoxicating! What an incredible meal, thank you!
In front of your eyes FAMINE hugs himself in pleasure and his face distorts and changes. Somehow or another it looks like he has gone backwards in age, and his face looks about 5 years younger.
[$pName] What did you just do!?
[FAMINE] You don’t know yet? Why, I’ve eaten your save file of course! Oh how wonderful, it tickles my taste buds! So many incredible memories and so much progress, I feel great, grand, superb!
[$pName] What!? Enough messing around, Let’s get him guys!
The five of you charge forward with your weapons drawn, but before you can get close enough to strike FAMINE begins his monologue.
[FAMINE] How rude! How despicable, how unhospitable, how condescending! You come to attack me!? You dare to attack me when I’ve been so kind, so understanding!? Is it so wrong to want a meal every now and then, to want to survive? Here I am minding my own business, and you charge forward like you want to cut me down. Barbaric! I’m not surprised at all however, to be honest. Typical Heretic behavior really. None of you believe in the Ancient Dragon do you? Whoop, don’t forget to do the finger waggling bit! That part’s important, superstitions and all. You gotta respect the traditions you know. But really, none of you are believers? You don’t even believe in the Ancient Dragon and yet you try to cut down his number one fan? Do you not understand that the Dragon loves me and protects me? That I am one of his chosen few? I really can’t believe you guys. I can’t believe you would treat someone so high ranking in the church this way. Well anyways, I can’t be mad forever, so I’ll change topics. What do you think of my robe, do you love it? Do you hate it? You probably didn’t even notice it, because of my amulet. It’s huge, you see. Everyone always notices the amulet first, but do they ever notice me? Do they ever notice the robe I so carefully wash and take care of, or my immaculate appearance? NO! Not at all! I don’t get the credit I deserve really, it’s so sad, so dreary, so depressing! What’s the point of being one of the most powerful people in the entire world if you have no one to worship you? Worship as in being a fan of course, not as in real worship. That kind of worship is for the dragon only, it would be sacrilegious and superstitious otherwise. Well not really superstitious per se, but I just wanted to add that in because it rhymed. Let’s see, what else should I talk about? I could go on forever really. You probably want to know why I’m talking so much, don’t you? Well it’s simple really, I’m talking so much because I’m a genius and you aren’t. I’m smart, intellectual, cunning! Because I understand the rules you see. I understand how this works. You don’t, and that’s ok because a barbarian heretic like you would never be able to figure it out like I have, but in the meantime incredible thinkers such as myself have gone and figured it all out. Figured what out you say? Well it’s simple, As long as I keep monologuing you will never be able to do anything. Nothing at all. You become useless, purposeless, worthless! As long as I keep going you have no choice but to listen to what I am saying and wait patiently. There is simply no room for descriptors and adverbs and a sentence about you trying to stop me, because if I never stop talking you never get the chance to act! But by now I’m sure you are thinking “He has to get tired and stop at some point” right? WRONG! I am FAMINE, one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse! You think I ever get tired? You think I ever grow weary of talking all this time, of holding you hostage? Not at all! I get hungry, yes, but so do you! And the knowledge that your patience is wearing out, that you are unable to keep up with me, is fuel to my fire! It becomes a battle of willpower then, a battle of determination! Because All I have to do is keep talking and all you have to do is sit there. You have no choice, that’s just the way this world works. But you are a human being, not an incredible person like I am, so the situation is completely at my favor! At some point you are going to get bored, or get busy, or grow tired, or want to do something else, and guess what? You can’t do anything! I’ve consumed your save file, so if you try to escape then you will lose everything you have worked so hard to achieve! Soon, you will experience true FAMINE! Oh wow, if only you could see the expression on your face right now, it is simply priceless! Very typical of you, honestly, to take so long to finally see how I’ve checkmated you, very typical that I had to explain every last detail to you as if you are some kind of child. But that’s the name of the game I suppose, just another burden I have to bear as a superior being. Not as superior as the Dragon mind you, but pretty close. I would say if there was a tier list of superiority the Dragon would be S tier but I would for sure be A tier. You would be G tier my friend, G for garbage, because that’s what you are. Or perhaps DH tier, for dumb heretic. Most of the time tier lists only have one letter but I’m sure they would be willing to bend the rules a bit so that you would have a new category low enough for your worthlessness to finally be properly documented. You know what, I just had a wonderful idea to really take this experience for you into overdrive. 
