Welcome to SAVED. In the lower right corner you can see the settings button, which will allow you to change settings, load, and SAVE your game. There are NO CHECKPOINTS, and if you are not careful you will die and be forced to load your last save or start a new game. You can SAVE and load your adventure any time you wish; however every now and then you will get a save point recommendation to help you along. Try to make sure you have at least an hour of reading time before starting so that you aren’t forced to abandon progress.
The game sometimes plays music or sounds so it is recommended you keep the volume on your computer on. You can mute the background music in the settings menu but Important audio will still play.
This game is not recommended for those easily disturbed or have a sensitivity to violence. Good Luck, and choose well.


I dreamt I died last night.
 It started with me falling, or rather floating downwards, through an invisible ocean. I was surrounded by black, an impenetrable fog devoid of light. Hindsight always allows us to scoff at the peculiarity of dreams but when you are in the moment it all seems perfectly acceptable. As I fell It eventually occurred to me to peer through the gloom towards where I was falling, and it was then I noticed a faint glow. The glow was intensely colorful, and precluded its source; A massive circle of stained glass, like something out of a cathedral. Depicted in the center of the glass was an oak tree in the fall, and it’s vibrant shades of yellow, orange, and red were cast all around me as I neared it. I feared I might shatter the glass upon contact but instead I gently touched down upon it’s surface and felt through my soles the glass must be extremely thick. 
[???] “It’s not real you know”
A whisper of a voice called out from across the glass, and I noticed an old man in a rocking chair staring at me intently. He wore the plain habit of a monk and lacked any hair except the enormously bushy brows that hid his eyes from view.
[old man] “None of this is real. I’d wish to say it’s because you are dreaming, but that is not entirely true either. Perhaps it would be more accurate to say you are a part of someone else’s dream.”
I had no idea what he meant by all of that but decided to resign myself to seeing where my strange vision would take me. I suppose the other weird thing about dreams is sometimes you can know you are dreaming and yet still take the whole thing too seriously.
[old man] “Listen closely, for this old soul speaks not to you, but to you. It won’t be long before you find yourself free to go and do as you please, yet be trapped completely. You will find yourself fighting for a cause you don’t wholly understand, and sacrificing everything when you have nothing. Like a moth drawn to a flame, your wings will burn in anguish time and time again but you will be helpless to stop striving ever closer. This is your last chance to end, before it has begun. But then again, if you are here it must already be too late.”
The old man lurched back suddenly, and erupted into smoke. At the same time, the stained glass below me shattered launching thousands of vibrant shards in all directions. Instead of floating like I had before I fell at full speed but upwards, back the way I had come, and straight towards a lizard like maw which had burst out of the darkness and bristled with thousands of fangs. The moment the jaws snapped around me, I woke up.
