You run as quick as you can towards the steeple of the church, eventually coming to a halt at the front door. Between gasps of air you scan the surrounding area, looking for a tale tell flash of yellow. Unfortunately you don’t find it, but you do manage to catch a glimpse of lavender going right around a corner up ahead and the chase is back on. As you approach the corner you slow down, and peek left around it so as not to expose yourself if they looked back. Your worries were needless however as the two have slowed down and are now chatting amiably with each other, joking around as they take another road. In this way you follow them, and they wander without any real purpose throughout the town while chatting away. With a pang you remember how you used to talk like that with your friends back home before this all started, but the memory is quickly forgotten. Eventually the cheerful pair make it all the way down to the southern part of town, and start looking for a restaurant to enter while you follow from about 75 feet apart. It doesn’t feel good to stalk like this but there hasn’t really been an opportune moment to introduce yourself yet. Yet again, the duo detour into an alleyway and you wait a second before following suit. This alleyway mazes around in a thin space between buildings, and you lose track of them. Jogging up to where the corners of four buildings meet and thus create a divergence in the alleyway, you glance to your right but see nobody. Turning, you check to see if they went the opposite direction only to see that they are standing right next to you in the alleyway, glaring angrily.
[Woman in Yellow] And just who the fuck do you think you are, stalking us like some kind of creep!?
You back up slowly and try to get a good look at them. The girl in yellow looks to be in her early 20’s and stands at about 5’4. She has gorgeous $aHairColor hair and glistening $aSkinColor skin. She wears a pretty yellow dress that ends just above the knee and underneath that dress is some thin but sturdy leather armor, cleverly hidden behind blue laces and bows. Her brown leather boots don’t quite match the dress since they go up past her knees and have a multitude of black buckles, and it is clear that while the dress is for looks the boots and armor hidden beneath it mean business. On her back is an extremely long and thin blade that hangs slanted across her back, with a sheath that is decorated at the top with a small burlap ribbon. The blade looks so long it must be about her height. Her pretty $aEyeColor eyes spark with anger at you, and her facial features remind you of an old childhood friend you used to have growing up.
Next to her is her partner, the lady in lavender. She looks to be in her early 20’s as well but slightly older. She is about 5’6 and is clearly in peak athletic form. She wears nearly identical apparel except the dress is colored lavender with white laces and bows instead. Her sword is slightly less slanted on her back since she is taller, but it looks comically long all the same. She has silky smooth $liHairColor hair and supple $liSkinColor skin. She is so beautiful that it takes your breath away, and her $liEyeColor eyes glow at you with lurid emotion. The only imperfection on her face is that over and through her right eyebrow is a small scar about two inches long that slices straight down parallel to her nose. Speaking of eyebrows, they are furrowed angrily at you and you remind yourself to stop gawking and start speaking up.
[$pName] Now hold on a second…
You begin to sputter out an excuse to explain yourself when their expressions suddenly soften and turn much friendlier. The two women squint their eyes at you as if trying to remember something.
[Woman In yellow] Wait a second, do I know you!?
[Woman in Lavender] I was about to ask the same thing. Doesn’t he look familiar?
[Woman in yellow] Have we met mister?
[$pName] My name is $pName, and I don’t think we have yet…
The woman in Lavender pushes her $liHairColor hair behind her ear and stares at you intently. The woman in yellow crosses her arms and with her eyebrows furrowed looks you up and down.
[Woman in yellow] Say $liName, does the name $pName ring any bells for you?
[Woman in Lavender] I’ve never heard such a dumb name before in my life, but boy do you sure look familiar. I’m getting the weirdest feeling right now… wha!?
The woman in Lavender reaches up to her cheek, where a single tear is running down across her face. She wipes it off in shock, and stares back up at you confusedly.
[Woman in Lavender] $aName, this is really weird. It feels like I had some kind of really crazy dream with this guy in it, and we used to be very close. Almost like we spent an entire lifetime together. I have no idea what’s going on…
[Woman In yellow] I know exactly what you mean, maybe we met $pName when we were kids and just forgot? Weird. Anyways, do you know…
[???] URK!
The three of you spin and peer down the alleyway towards the source of the noise. A disgusting old man collapses into the center of the alleyway and sprawls out across the dirt, dropping a cheap looking knife to the side. An imposing looking woman stands over the corpse, and dislodges her sword from his back. The killer bends over slightly, wiping the blood off their sword onto the clothing of their slain foe, and with a practiced motion sheathes their blade. Stepping over the puddle of gore, she approaches the three of you with a smile.
