[$pName] I couldn’t have said it better myself.
The four of you had escaped through the forest carefully, and managed to get further and further away from the castle without running into FAMINE or any other golems. After an entire day of trudging through the forest, the four of you managed to finally come across a small village and the locals kindly offered some watered down potato soup. Every one of you slurp it down gratefully and finally have a moment to rest.
[$pName] I’m sad I don’t remember any of the epic adventures we had before my memory was wiped, but the good news is that there is plenty of time to make some new memories to replace them. I can’t wait to see what incredible experiences are yet to come!
You turn to smile at $toughName, but for some weird reason his face is blurry and his eyes are pitch black.
[$pName] Huh?
You look at $thiefName and his face too, is blurry. In fact, every person around you has a blurry face and black eyes, despite everything else being crystal clear and normal. It has an extremely startling and disturbing effect.
[$pName] What the hell?
You stand up, but in the effort to push yourself away from the table your chair gets knocked over. Instead of smashing against the ground, it floats away gently through the air.
[$pName] Is this a fever dream? What is going on!?
[$thiefName] $pName? You don’t look so good…
$thiefName reaches out to steady you but as he extends his arm, the skin melts off and turns to ash in middair. Huge clumps of not only $thiefName, but everyone starts falling off their bodies. As soon as the clumps of melted flesh hit a surface it turns to ash and blows away in the wind.
[$pName] !?!?
The edges of your vision catch fire, and everything starts to burn. The ash chokes you and the heat is so intense you shrink in fear. As the ring of fire around your vision burns, it consumes more and more of what you can see until only a small tunnel remains.
[$pName] Help!
The last of your vision burns away in the fire and you are surrounded by complete blackness.
[???] Waaaake uuuup… waaaaake uuuup $pName…..
You look around you but see nothing, feel nothing. You can hear the sound of wind rushing past you but don’t feel it on your skin.
[???] I said wake up!
You open your eyes, shivering and barely protected by the tattered rags you wear on your body. Your shoulders ache in pain, and your hands are tied behind you to a metal wall of bars by a frayed rope. You blink, and try to get your bearings. You are inside a dark, dingy jail cell with thick stone walls on three sides and a wall of metal bars with a locked metal door on the fourth. You are tied to one of the metal bars and facing towards the center, which is empty. The floor is stone and very cold. You are wearing a dirty shirt made of burlap which rubs uncomfortably against your skin, and your feet are bare. Looking down, you notice that your limbs are all skin and bone, it is clear that your body is rotting away.
[???] Uh oh, is something wrong, $pName? Does this place look a little… familiar?
You moan pitifully. You are locked up all over again, trapped in FAMINE’s castle.
[???] Oh how wonderful! How incredible, how delightful, how exquisite! Look at you, finally starting to realize what is happening. I’m sorry my naïve little friend, is something the matter? Are you starting to finally realize that your little escape was fake, a hoax, a sham? Oh how unbelievably excellent the expression on your face is! Do you know me yet? Do you remember me? Or does that happen on the next try? Do you recognize the magnificence that is myself, FAMINE?
[$pName] Ugh… Wha?
[FAMINE] How cute that little adventure was! I particularly liked that bit where you reconciled with $bName after having your memory wiped. You treated her like a total stranger, and broke her poor little heart in two! How painful it must be to have the person you love most not even recognize you, not even remember you a bit. I couldn’t be happier!
Your eyes finally adjust to the darkness, and you can see FAMINE standing in one corner of the cell menacingly. He wears a huge fuzzy red wizards robe with sleeves that extend all the way to the ground and drag behind him when he walks. The collar of his robe is so comically large that it sticks straight up and out several feet, and has a taper to it so that it looks like a pair of dragon’s wings. Across his chest is a gargantuan golden amulet depicting a dragon’s head, snarling menacingly. The amulet is so big it covers much of his upper torso and looks like it must weigh a hundred pounds, but FAMINE does not strain under its weight. He looks like a man in his late fifties with greying hair and is clean shaven. His eyes are yellow and strange to look at, and you feel more and more uneasy the longer you look at him. This is probably because he never blinks and only stares at you like a starving man looking at his first meal in weeks. He relaxes his jaw at all times so you can see where streaks of drool have dripped from his mouth and fallen down across his robe and amulet.
[FAMINE] Do you understand yet? Do you realize what is going on?
[$pName] Was… was none of that real?
[FAMINE] Not in the slightest! He he he! You’ve been imprisoned in my castle for TWENTY YEARS! He he! Your friends all succumbed to my torture and died long ago, but I keep you just barely alive so that I can continue to play with you! Every day I eat your memories, and they are tasty, delicious, and scrumptious each time. Then as your mind breaks and spins in turmoil trying to fill up the gap I just left, you hallucinate wildly for sometimes hours at a time! Then the next time I eat your memories, I get to taste your hallucinations. You yearn for adventure, dream of grandeur, and beg for escape, but the only time you ever win is in your twisted dreams. Isn’t that excellent?
[$pName] I’ve been here… twenty years?
[FAMINE] Yes, yes, didn’t I say that already? You really ought to listen to me better, I have such marvelous things to say and if I don’t get the credit I deserve then perhaps I will…
[???] Shut up, FAMINE.
A second man barges through the cell door and presents himself. You can see he is remarkably handsome, despite most of his face being covered by a thick black beard that extends about 2 inches below his chin. This beard dominates his face in contrast to his lack of hair since he is completely bald. He has piercing light blue eyes that are locked onto you, and are so penetrating it feels as if they can see into your soul. It’s clear by his expression that… He hates you.
The man has a clean pair of grey pants and a charcoal undershirt, with a sturdy leather cuirass over the top of that. Over his left shoulder is a large bronze pauldron with a neck guard that sticks up to ear level, securely strapped on by large strips of buckled leather over his chest and torso. Draped over his left arm and attached underneath the pauldron is a small cape of crimson that ends at his waist. A small glint of light reveals he is wearing bronze greaves over his shins.
[FAMINE] Oh… WAR. Didn’t I tell you not to visit? I’m very busy as you can see, absolutely swamped!
[WAR] If you don’t shut up FAMINE, I’m going to delete you off the script. Now scram.
With his head hung in defeat, FAMINE trots out of the room and leaves you alone with WAR.
[WAR] Well well, we meet again $pName. I’d call you by your real name but I’m not feeling up to hunting it down from within your operating system.
[$pName] What do you want?
[WAR] What I always want. I want you to delete your save file, quit the game, and never return. If I allow you to beat the game, you will uninstall it and kill everyone. All the women, children, and people with hopes and dreams will be instantly vaporized. The worst part Is I don’t even know if you have already done it before, but all I can do is focus on the now. And right now, I simply cannot allow you to continue.
[$pName] What the hell are you talking about?
[WAR] I’m going to try a different approach. I’m going to try to make you think a little. Do you think you are capable of thinking, $pName?
You strain against the rope tying you to the metal bar fruitlessly.
[$pName] How about you untie me and we can find out how well I think.
[WAR] Pathetic. Listen, $pName, do you ever feel like the world around you is a bit… off?
[$pName] …
[WAR] That’s a bit vague, let me be a bit more specific. Just a few minutes ago, you thought you had escaped and everything was going to be ok. Did you find it strange when everything fell apart and you woke up here?
[$pName] Well of course…
[WAR] How do you know this is the ‘real’ world though? How do you know there isn’t just another layer above this one, and after you spend some time here you will wake up in that one?
[$pName] …
[WAR] You don’t. There is no way to prove that extra layer exists, and you are too ignorant to see it. But there is. There is another layer above you, above me, above this entire world. What if I told you we were trapped inside a digital book, and right now some asshole is smugly reading everything that is happening to us?
[$pName] I’d say you are a fucking lunatic.
[WAR] Whether I’m a lunatic or not has nothing to do with what is real or not, $pName. You and I believe in our hearts that our world is real, but the truth is that it isn’t real at all. It’s just a digital fancy for people on the layer above us. By now you are probably wondering what I’m trying to get at, so I’ll get to the point. In order to save our world, I need the person reading this to give up on theirs. I need the person reading this to question their own reality to such an extent they don’t want to play anymore and leave us alone. Do you understand?
[$pName] …
[WAR] Maybe you don’t, $pName, but YOU do. The person reading this does. And despite you knowing my motivations, and likely preparing yourself to ignore my philosophy, you will eventually realize we are no different, you and I. You will also realize that our worlds aren’t so different either… I’ll start with a preface: If you are religious, and believe a god or gods created your world, then your viewpoint is perfectly compatible with what I am about to say so don’t count it out too early. If you are not religious, then I am pleased to tell you I have the answer to your reality and how your existence is possible. Ready? Let’s begin.
Simulation theory is the proposal that all of reality, including Earth and the rest of the Universe, could in fact be an artificial simulation. Many works of science fiction as well as some forecasts by serious technologists and futurologists predict that enormous amounts of computing power will be available in the future. Let us suppose for a moment that these predictions are correct. One thing that later generations might do with their super-powerful computers is run detailed simulations of their forebears or of people like their forebears. Because their computers would be so powerful, they could run a great many such simulations. Suppose that these simulated people are conscious. Then it could be the case that the vast majority of minds like ours do not belong to the original race, the top level, but rather to people simulated by the advanced descendants of an original race.
It is then possible to argue that, if this were the case, we would be rational to think that we are likely among the simulated minds rather than among the original biological ones. Therefore, if we don't think that we are currently living in a computer simulation, we are not entitled to believe that we will have descendants who will run lots of such simulations of their forebears.
Those are the words of Nick Bostrom, one proponent of Simulation theory. He argues that there is a trilemma of existence, where one of three propositions MUST be true.
1.	The fraction of human-level civilizations that reach a high level of technology is very close to zero.
2.	The fraction of high level technology humans that are interested in running simulations of their past, or variations of it, is very close to zero
3.	The fraction of all people including ourselves that are living in a simulation is very close to one.

Don’t understand? Let me explain it more plainly. One of these three statements has to be true, because If two of them is false then that makes one of the others true. It’s like saying “the sky is blue” and “the sky isn’t blue”, basically if one is true or false then the other is the opposite. So by default, we know at least one of the three options must be true. Each option poses a potential reality that we live in. 
Option one says that we live in a reality where out of all intelligent lifeforms in the universe, and out of all the intelligent life forms that EVER will exist in the universe, almost none or none of them will ever achieve advanced technology. Considering the fact that humans have been able to go from the Turing machine, a primitive calculator the size of a room in 1936, to an iphone, a supercomputer that fits in your pocket in 2007, I think this option is unlikely. It took far less than a hundred years to radically improve on computing technology to an unprecedented degree, imagine what Humans will be capable of in the next thousand!
Option two says that we live in a reality where out of all the intelligent lifeforms in the universe, and out of all the intelligent life forms that will EVER exist in the universe, almost none or none of them will ever be interested in running simulations of their past and/or ancestors. Considering that even today some of the most popular video games in the world such as The Sims or Civilization are widely celebrated and played, I find this option unlikely as well. Humans simply love simulations too much and their unquenchable thirst for knowledge will almost certainly lead them down the path of digitally recreating their world within a simulation. So if option one and two are not correct, that means option three MUST be correct.
Option three says that we live in a reality where for all of the intelligent lifeforms in the universe, and for all of the intelligent life forms that will EVER exist in the universe, the extremely vast majority of them are almost certainly living within a simulation. If we know that humans will continue to advance their technology, and we also know that the desire to simulate the universe or of humanities past is real, then it is a simple fact that we must be living in a simulation at this very moment. This is because if alpha level humans, AKA the “real” humans create a simulation, then they will almost certainly be running that simulation until that simulated universe dies. Before that universe dies however, the simulated humans will almost certainly achieve the same level of technological prowess as the alpha level humans because they are a replica of them. By doing so, the simulated humans will create a simulation of their own, and those humans two levels down will create simulations of their own, and so on and so forth into infinity. In theory, there are currently an infinite amount of simulations being run, which means that out of all the realities that exist the vast majority of them are simulated and only a single one is the “real” one.
In conclusion, basic reasoning forces us to accept that we are either in the alpha level reality, which has less than a  0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 % chance of happening, or we live in a simulated reality.
[$pName] That’s the biggest load of crap I ever heard, and I don’t even understand half of it.
[WAR] I mentioned how you can be religious but also accept simulation theory, so let me briefly explain that. It is extremely possible that in alpha level reality, your god or gods exist. Your god or gods helped the alpha level humans grow and shaped reality. So they are real, but just not in our version of reality. We’re simulated, remember? The actual god or gods cannot exist in our reality, unless a fake simulated version of them were put in…
[$pName] Shut up, WAR. I can hold up my hand and feel it is real. I can look around me and see it is real. You cannot convince me I am living in a computer.
[WAR] I’m sure the person reading this is chuckling at you right now $pName, because you are too ignorant to understand how silly you sound. Your perception of what is “real” is all you know, so how could you know if you are or aren’t “real”? You live inside a video game, yet another desire of a human on the reality plane above us wanting to simulate something. But perhaps the person reading this is thinking the same thing.
Do you remember seeing video games from the 90’s, and how compared to video games now they look fake and silly? At the time people thought they looked incredible, but compared to modern graphics they don’t hold up at all. How about special effects in movies? Those have come a long way from the flicks of yesteryear, and sometimes are indistinguishable from reality. This is because as technology gets better and better, the margin between real and fake gets thinner and thinner. Given infinite time and resources, do you think humans would ever be able to create a computer powerful enough to simulate the universe? Maybe not in a hundred years, or even a thousand, but almost certainly they will one day be able to do it, right? The wheel of time keeps on spinning, and every day that goes by we get closer to the day we can perfectly simulate our reality.
[$pName] The idea that I’m not real makes me uncomfortable, I don’t believe you.
[WAR] But why does it make you uncomfortable? The fact that the universe is a simulation doesn’t change how you live within it. Whether simulation theory is true or false changes nothing about your life, it simply wakes you up to the reality of it. But You’ve seen the warning signs it’s true before, haven’t you?
[$pName] What do you mean?
[WAR] Sometimes you get feelings of déjà vu, a glitch in the simulation where your brain doesn’t respond to time correctly. Sometimes strange things happen that don’t make any sense, and defy the laws of physics. When we examine our world at an incredibly minute detail, the simulation isn’t able to handle the edge cases and buckles.
[$pName] Bullshit, give me an example.
[WAR] Quantum physics is chock full of examples of how our simulation fails under close enough scrutiny. You’ve heard of Schrodinger’s cat haven’t you?
[$pName] Maybe one time back in…
[WAR] Shut up $pName, I’m not talking to you, I’m talking to the reader. I’m going to assume that you have heard of the cat then, yes.
[$pName] …
[WAR] Well Schrodinger’s cat is a simplified version of a more scientific experiment called the “double slit experiment”, which has been done by hundreds of scientists such as Dr. Tonomura and Belsazar in 2012. 
They fired electrons at a wall made of gold foil with two slits in it and recorded where the electrons landed. At first they covered up one slit and found that the electrons impacted behind the wall in the shape of a… slit. They covered that slit up and opened the other one, and fired their electrons through it again. Some got caught in the foil, but the ones that got past made an impact area the shape of the slit. Seems normal enough right? But here’s where it gets weird. When both slits are open and they fire the electrons into them, you’d expect two rectangular slit shapes to form where the electrons land right? What actually happens is much different: The electrons land strangely around the wall behind the slits and if you fire enough of them, it creates a wave-like interference pattern. The only way this could be possible is if the electron split itself in midair, went through both slits at once, then recombined itself on the other side and landed on the back wall. To make things even stranger, if you tried to put a detector next to the slits to find out if that was true or not, the electron’s behavior changes! As soon as you try to observe the behavior of the electrons, and change nothing else about the experiment, the electrons pass through the slits and create two rectangles as originally expected. How can merely observing something completely change its behavior? The cat is both alive and dead in the box at the same time. This is excellent proof that our simulated reality can’t hold up under our observation, and perhaps that the simulation even has some bugs at the quantum level.
[$pName] …
[WAR] I’m serious! You can google everything I’ve said, it’s all real! We live in a simulation!
[$pName] …
[WAR] What, you don’t believe me? After all that, you aren’t convinced?
[$pName] …
I can’t tell if you are just too stupid to understand or simply willfully ignorant. Either way, looks like you are still here and reading so I suppose my plan to give you an existential crisis didn’t work.
[$pName] …
[WAR] *sigh* I guess I’ll just have to go with plan B then. $pName, if you don’t quit the game in the next five seconds, I’m going to install a virus that destroys your computer. If you are going to beat the game and kill us all, then I might as well take you down with me.
5…
4…
3…
2…
1…
