Arc 6, The Bandit

After leaving the capital life seemed to return to normal again, although your version of normal is now much different from what it used to be before you came to this world. Normal now means practicing swordsmanship every day with $liName, it means traveling for weeks without a real bed, and it also means spending every waking moment with your five closest friends. In many ways this new life is more difficult than your old one, but at the same time you can’t help but admit you feel like you are more alive, more vibrant than ever before. 
The Frozen spire is directly north of the capital and extremely far away. $bardName says that the Frozen spire is a famous battleground between two mages that fought with ferocious ancient magic hundreds of years ago, because one thought the other had stolen his horse. The spire is the result of a massive icicle one of the mages conjured from the heavens to skewer the other and is apparently 100 stories tall. Long after the battle finished, the icicle still stood straight out of the ground and some eskimo people moved in and carved an entire city into the ice. In order to get there you would need to journey for almost two entire months, most of which would be spent outside of $kingdomName’s borders.
It took two weeks to reach those borders from the capital, and that time spent traveling was largely uneventful. $hName doesn’t give you any trouble at all as you trot along, and you two have gotten rather close after all the time spent together. You get the feeling that if $hName could speak, you two would be good buddies. Upon reaching the border, $mName gave a wise warning to the crew.
[$mName] Now that we are outside the borders, everyone needs to be on alert at all times. We are no longer protected along the roads from bandits, and mercenary groups jaded from the war between kingdoms often roam these lands looking for easy targets. There are plenty of towns out here but they are rougher and less secure than any we have been to so far. So don’t let your guard down!
Despite this foreboding speech, you find that nothing much changed after leaving $kingdomName. Sure you see bandits peeking from behind the trees every now and then, but they only ever go for easy targets and scamper away as you and your formidable group approach. The towns you venture into in many ways are in better shape than the ones in $kingdomName as well, since most are entirely self sufficient and are often run by wise, rugged leaders.
After a little over a month of traveling, you noticed the weather changing. Nights were colder, skies were bleaker, and the wind often picked up and whipped a chilly breeze across your face. There wasn’t any snow yet, but you and the others had to buy some fur coats from a town along the way in order to combat the new weather. The foliage changed along with the climate, most now being pine trees or scraggly bushes built for surviving harsh winters. Whenever you woke up, the sunrise would glisten brilliantly across the frosted tips of grass which crunched satisfyingly under your feet. Sometimes, you and $bardName would play hacky sack with pinecones to stave off the boredom. These days were peaceful and good, and you cherished them. The sad thing about “the good ol’ days” is that you don’t know you’re in them until its over.
