It has been a tough three weeks of training and traveling since the events at the temple, but for some reason $liName seems particularly determined to get you in fighting shape so that you aren’t too helpless. She has been training you relentlessly on how to handle a sword and you can now comfortably defend yourself reasonably well.  Considering all the time you now spend together, you and $liName have started to grow much closer and the forehead flicks have finally started to die down.
You feel much closer to $bardName as well, who over the course of these past few weeks has fluidly become a core member of the group. Her snarky attitude and beautiful voice brings a lot to the table for the traveling gang, especially when everyone is tired after a day of horse riding. While passing through one of the many towns in $kingdomName towards the capital, $mName once challenged $bardName to a competition to see who could raise more money with their performances. While $mName certainly gave a great show he simply couldn’t keep up with the enchantment of $bardName’s melodies and finally admitted to her ability as a show woman.
During all this, $aName seems nothing more than happily content with the way things have been going. It is entirely possible she was looking for friendship this whole time rather than the Dragon, and if that was the case she had certainly been granted her wish. She happily berates $mName for his terrible jokes and poorly sings along with $bardName, doing her best to keep everyone in high spirits and simply enjoying the experience.
While the entertainment of it all has been great for you, it cannot be helped that in the back of your mind you can’t stop thinking about how the heck you are going to get home. You can’t just go on adventures for the rest of your life… right? You could ask the Dragon to return you as your wish, but you still don’t know if the Dragon is even real or not. You have been in this world for over two months now and the newness and excitement has slowly been eroded away, despite the best efforts of your friends. Will you ever be able to return to your old modern world, and see your family or friends again? 
