[$pName] Try not to kill the ArchBishop so we can question him about where to find the Dragon. Other than that, our priority is saving the hostages. Lets move.
The six of you move in to attack by passing silently through one of the main pathways to the middle of the Cathedral. Striding forward confidently, you and Chef make your way along the center aisle straight towards a ritual circle, sword at the ready. To your right, $liName and $aName quietly sneak along the far wall in the shadows through the transept and loop around to the rear of the ritual.
Around you is the Nave, the main area of the cathedral where dozens of rows of wooden benches lay empty. In front of you is the Choir, where a group of around 18 or so cultists have gathered in a circle and sway side to side rhythmically in an eerie fashion. The cathedral is enormous and the huge empty space within it makes the voices of the cultists reverberate in a haunting way. All along the walls are impressive tapestries depicting the Ancient Dragon, and to your far left by the altar is a massive bronze statue of the Dragon twisting around a giant’s sword stuck tip first into the ground. Looking back to the circle of cultists now, you see that each one stands behind a torch fastened to the ground in front of them, sending their pulsating shadow cascading backwards across the Cathedral walls and floors. The torchlight reflects angrily off of the golden decorations and Dragon Statue. In the center of the circle is none other than the ArchBishop, leader of all the cultists, who spins slowly with his arms outstretched and his eyes closed. In one hand is a long dagger with a zig zag curve to the blade, and in the other is a disembodied head dripping with blood. The singing raises to a crescendo now as the ArchBishop raises the head above himself and allows the blood to wash over him as if he was taking a demonic shower. Beyond the circle of cultists near the Ambulatory about two dozen other civilians cower in fear, shackled together by iron chains. You waste no time.
[$pName] ArchBishop! We have come to stop your disgusting ritual, give up at once!
The singing stops, and the cultists turn to stare at you in amazement. None of them notice $liName and $aName approaching silently from behind.
[ArchBishop] How dare you!? HOW DARE YOU!? Begone heretics, begone at once! Minions, kill them!
You give your plot armor a quick adjustment and tighten your grip on your sword. Behind you, you hear a sharp twang as a bowstring is loosed, hurtling an arrow straight for your back. Before you have time to react, $mName dives between you and the arrow.
[$mName] Whoop!
In a flash the arrow is redirected by $mName’s palms and sent flying right back to the sender, a cultist archer waiting in ambush on a balcony above where you came from.
[$pName] Nice save $mName, lets go!
[Chef] I CHEF NOW!
You charge.
