Following the path with your eyes you see it eventually leads past a small brook and to the faint outline of what must be Kingsbridge. With quick strides you make your way over there, doing your best to make good time. The layer of dirt on top of the path is very light and thin thanks to the unforgiving sun, which means every time the wind picks up or you take a heavy footstep the dirt rises into clouds and clogs your breath. Luckily you make it to the brook rather quickly and manage to rinse your hands and face in the cool, refreshing water. The brook’s water looks relatively clear and safe to drink so you hazard a few sips to rejuvenate yourself.  
The distance between the brook and Kingsbridge ended up being larger than it looked, but you still manage to approach the town in good time. As you near it you can make out some better details from before, and for starters it has no walls or natural defenses. The path leads straight into the town and a long ways away out the other side, so it is not populous enough to be considered a city. The buildings are certainly the strangest thing that jump out at you, since they look like something straight out of medieval England history books. Many on the outskirts are made of dried mud gathered around a grid of sticks, creating small uneven walls with straw thatched roofing. Further in, the majority of buildings are made of wood, and the not quite evenly spaced planks make for simple walls with little insulation. While these buildings are larger and sturdier, they are also unpainted and plain which makes the majority of the town look simple and uninspired. Towards the center you don’t quite have a perfect view but it looks like there are a handful of large, stone buildings dominating a central space, which is some sort of plaza. These stone buildings have a frame of wood but are lined with stone and are reminiscent of the popular renaissance house architecture styles sometimes seen back home. The path that you had been following splits off into streets seemingly at random and arc throughout the town, and appear muddier thanks to the dung, water, and other unseemly liquids the inhabitants absentmindedly pour across it. 
As you enter the outskirts of Kingsbridge you notice the sheer amount of poverty overwhelming the area. The mud structures you had seen before are filled with holes and teeming with rats, and not much further ahead you can see many of the wooden shacks share the same fate. The air is filled with the smell of refuse, forcing you to wrinkle your nose in consternation. As you take a few steps into the town, you see a handful of people lazing about inside their mud shacks eyeing you with curiosity. Whether male or female they all seem to be wearing what appears to be a potato sack, except there is no label of “russets” or “goldens” across the rough sown garb but some sort of scribbling in small font that you can’t read from a distance. They stare at you as you walk past with expressions of curiosity as well as scorn, so you decide it would be best to continue along without asking them anything. 
You make your way to the central plaza, trying to step around the piles of filth pooling haphazardly around the road. The closer you get, the nicer the buildings become and it looks like someone poured gravel across the pathway so it is at least somewhat sturdier and better kept than before. Finally, you enter the wide-open plaza and soak in everything as best you can. The scene is entirely alien; there are no electrical poles, concrete roads, or glass windows within sight. The plaza itself is paved with slabs of stone, but there is little to no mortar between them so many jut out callously from the dirt and threaten a twisted ankle. The square is about half the size of a soccer field and surrounded at all sides by stone buildings. From these buildings crude wooden signs jut out like pointing fingers, advertising a variety of goods such as food, clothing, armor, ale,  weapons, boots, prostitution, and more. Scattered about the plaza are a large gathering of rickety stalls where merchants sell assorted wares, snacks, and… Spellbooks? 
The people you pass along the way wear either clothing similar to the potato sacks you had seen earlier, or a colorful assortment of felt tunics and leather gear. Several of the wealthier looking shoppers look like they wear that same burlap sack underneath their garments or have a patch of burlap sown onto their clothing somewhere. Wandering about the plaza, two more buildings catch your eye: One labeled ‘History room’ and another labeled ‘Adventurer’s Gear’. Both have plain entrances but the title is enough to pique your interest. Just when you think everything there is to notice has been noted, another interesting development occurs. You see a confident looking woman in a yellow dress with a large, thin sword strapped to her back. There is a woman escorting the girl in the yellow dress as well, and interestingly she is wearing exactly the same dress in almost every way except it is the color lavender instead of yellow. The pair walk around for a while you stare stupidly, until they happen upon the spell book merchant you noticed earlier. The woman in yellow seems to get excited, and chats about something with the shopkeeper for quite a while. Eventually she hangs her head a little in disappointment, and the pair resume their browsing. Once they have looked at all the stalls they head off the plaza, perpendicular to the road you had come in on. It looks like they will eventually pass some kind of church, and you can barely see the top of the steeple from where you stand.
