Mere moments ago you were certain you were having some kind of stroke, or at the very least about to get hit by a car. Now, despite making no sense whatsoever, you find yourself in the middle of a large field. Your surroundings have completely changed from before, in fact; where there was concrete there is now wild grass and where there was a street sign just seconds ago there is now a rickety wooden sign. It is as if you have been teleported into another world. Warily, you stand up and look over your body in an effort to discover any injuries, but there are none. Reaching into your pocket, you pull out your phone for more clues. No Signal. The screen reads ‘Location services is unable to find you’ and the time says it is 8pm despite it looking to be sometime in the afternoon. 
It's possible you are dead. You haven’t exactly died before so you wouldn’t have any previous experiences to compare it to. It is also possible that you are currently in a coma and as your family eagerly waits for you to wake up you continue to waste time in this imaginary world. The last possibility that immediately comes to mind is that some sort of quantum mechanics mumbo jumbo occurred and you got sucked into a wormhole. Regardless of the true nature of this situation, you are still very much here and very much in need of figuring out what to do next. You study your surroundings more closely;
You are on a dirt path next to a wooden sign. The wooden sign reads in English ‘Kingsbridge’ and there is the number 3 next to it. Below that is another marker that says ‘Dottle’ and the number 14. Backing up, you see that all around this dirt path you are standing on is tall grass about 3 feet high that covers the rather hilly countryside about you. Following the path with your eyes you see it eventually leads past a small brook and to the outline of what appears to be a town. That must be Kingsbridge, and it is rather friendly looking. Following the path the other direction you notice it winds across the hills and past an impressive looking Oak Tree. It continues downhill steeply from there so that you lose sight of it, but by squinting your eyes you can just barely see that the path reemerges further away and straight towards a dense looking forest.
The sun is blazing overhead now across the sapphire sky, and every so often a small tuft of cloud ambles in front of its gaze giving you a brief reprieve from the heat. You are wearing a plain shirt and jeans, and in your pocket is your phone. In your hand you hold the $food which somehow wasn’t lost in the confusion earlier. Your legs begin to sweat from being stifled by the jeans and you will likely need a drink of water soon. It’s time to figure out where you are and what the heck is going on.
