You make your way to the ‘Adventurer Gear’ Shop, but before you enter you notice a muddy device that looks like a beartrap resting in front of the door with bristles instead of metal spikes. You politely run your shoes through it and manage to remove most of the mud that has accumulated, and make your way inside. The room is spacious, with 4 tables placed near the middle covered in an assortment of gear and every square inch of the walls advertising swords and shields. In the furthest back right corner is an L shaped counter which the shopkeeper stands behind, who at the moment is haggling animatedly with another customer. Every sword, piece of armor, and thing for sale in the room has a piece of paper stuck to it by some kind of sticky sap, and written on the paper is the price and what local armorer, smithy, or leatherworker crafted it. As you move to admire some of the swords, you notice an armed guard of sorts standing in the close left corner of the store, opposite where the shopkeeper is. The store has a monumental amount of wealth in inventory on display so it makes sense that someone would be hired to keep a close eye on it. The fact that you cannot afford anything around you makes all the shiny merchandize all the more alluring. 
You had been browsing the gear for sale for only a few minutes before the door is opened forcefully with a bang and someone new enters. Startled by the noise, you turn around quickly and are stunned at the women striding in. In front of you is a woman in her late 20’s that walks with such confidence you can’t help but shrink a little as she approaches. She has incredible $bHairColor hair, $bSkinColor skin and while her facial features are plain, her face is so perfectly symmetrical that you can’t help but be mesmerized by her unconventional beauty. She wears rugged clothing and a large cloak of pure white with a golden crest of a wolf at the back. The bottom of the cape is stained with dirt and dried blood, probably from years of use and action. The cloak wraps around in front of her and over her chest, secured by a bronze ring that has three thin but long ribbons of burlap hanging from it. At her hip is a longsword in a black sheathe that is almost certainly razor sharp. By the time you have gathered all this information she has noticed you staring, and scoffs as she moves past you. She wordlessly continues to the back of the shop where a large row of daggers hang on the wall, and begins to pick through them.
