[$pName] No need for violence. I heard from a friend that you have been down on your luck lately. I’d like to give you something so that you don’t have to sleep hungry tonight.
Timidly, you reach into your pocket and pull out the half eaten potato. You rest it on your open palm and offer it out to the man, who eyes you warily. Suddenly, he sprints towards you and raises his knife above his head to strike a deadly blow. Before there is time to react he is immediately in front of you, and brings the knife down with great force. The sound of the knife hitting flesh creates a loud squelch.
SSHHHHK!
But the knife is not directed at you. Instead, it penetrates the potato, and the man leaps backwards nimbly with his prize. Completely transfixed, he shoves mouthful after mouthful of raw potato into his mouth and swallows without hardly chewing. He eats the potato with such gusto that there is little doubt he would have starved to death within the next few days or even tonight if it weren’t for you. Finally he finishes, and leans against the wall of the shop with his hand resting on his stomach.
[Man] Not much charity ‘round this town. Was gettin’ desperate. This ain’t me, its not that ah like violence. Just got no choice is ah’ll. Stupid society squelching me in squalor ah say, but… Thank ya mister. Thank ya so much.
His expression is a mixture of satisfaction and intense guilt, and you can see tears streaming down his cheeks. He looks you one last time in the eyes and nods while silently waggling his fingers across his chest, before turning around and running into the busy street. Just as suddenly as he appeared, the strange man was gone.
Furtively, you follow his path and emerge onto the busy road. Around you is mostly nicer residentials, and there are shops propped up against the houses here and there implying the inhabitants sell trinkets out of their front door. There is significantly more road traffic here than any other path you have walked thus far and several carts pulled by horses amble past filled with miscellaneous goods. You make your way North as best as you can judge, towards where you think you saw the central plaza earlier. Before long you happen across a shrine, where a perfectly spherical orb of polished stone rests. The orb is slightly taller than you, and is so perfectly round and polished it can’t possibly be handmade. Below the orb is a plaque reading ‘Serius’ last stand.’
Continuing northward you finally reach the central plaza and look around. The plaza itself is paved with slabs of stone, but there is little to no mortar between them so many jut out callously from the dirt and threaten a twisted ankle. The square is about half the size of a soccer field and surrounded at all sides by stone buildings. From these buildings crude wooden signs jut out like pointing fingers, advertising a variety of goods such as food, clothing, armor, ale, weapons, boots, prostitution, and more. Scattered about the plaza are a large gathering of rickety stalls where merchants sell assorted wares, snacks, and… Spellbooks? The people you pass along the way wear either clothing similar to the potato sacks you had seen earlier, or a colorful assortment of felt tunics and leather gear. Several of the wealthier looking shoppers look like they wear that same burlap sack underneath their garments or have a patch of burlap sown onto their clothing somewhere. Wandering about the plaza, two more buildings catch your eye: One labeled ‘History room’ and another labeled ‘Adventurer’s Gear’. Both have plain entrances but the title is enough to pique your interest. Just when you think everything there is to notice has been noted, another interesting development occurs. You see a confident looking woman in a yellow dress with a large, thin sword strapped to her back. There is a woman escorting the girl in the yellow dress as well, and interestingly she is wearing exactly the same dress in almost every way except it is the color lavender instead of yellow. The pair walk around for a while you stare stupidly, until they happen upon the spell book merchant you noticed earlier. The woman in yellow seems to get excited, and chats about something with the shopkeeper for quite a while. Eventually she hangs her head a little in disappointment, and the pair resume their browsing. Once they have looked at all the stalls they head off the plaza, perpendicular to the road you had come in on. It looks like they will eventually pass some kind of church, and you can barely see the top of the steeple from where you stand.
