[$pName] I don’t know what you are talking about, I’m not from around here. Where am I and what is going on?
There is a hint of panic in your voice and you realize you had been holding back your emotions about just how dire your situation is for some time. The woman looks stunned for a moment, then slowly walks to the stool and sits down. 
[Woman] I’d give ya a seat to sit yer bum on but I couldn’t ‘ford a second one.
Trying not to embarrass her you move to the wall near to the table and lean against it instead, facing her. You wait patiently, trying to read her expression which is clouded in thought.
[Woman] So yer from $neighborName then? Guess that makes sense considerin’ the weird clothes ya wearin. Well I dunno how ya got this far without knowin yer in $kingdomName but that’s where ya are. If ya wanna go back home ya gonna have to go way down southwest I reckon. Weird part though is even in $neighborName they worship the dragon so I dunno how ya dunno who that is. Tah put it simply, tah dragon is the creator of this world and he’s a nice fella and gave us a whole buncha these potatoes and these sacks tah wear so we don’t shiver too much when it gets colder. He taught us tah read and gave us life an all that too. He disappeared ‘bout a hundred years ago and they think its causa people like you that forget ‘em or insult ‘em that he went off and hid. Anyways a lotta people seen this dragon and we all know hes real so there really aren’t any other religions ‘round ‘ere cause its hard to argue with a three story tall lizard ain’t it?
She chuckles to herself as she gets up, and leans over the box of potatoes. Grabbing two, she comes back to the stool and seats herself, simultaneously throwing one to you. You catch it deftly, and stare at it dumbly while she spits on hers. After rubbing where she had spit on the potato a bit, she bites into it and munches on the raw flesh. You glance at your potato and realize it would be rude to not at least try it, and to be fair you are quite hungry so you follow suit with the spitting and take a big bite. It tastes… Like raw potato. You force the bite down and look back at her. While you were busy she placed a burlap loop onto the table, and through a mouthful continues her speech.
[Woman] Ya can take this ‘ere bracelet fer yerself mister, since the Ancient Dragon…
She wiggles her fingers across her chest
[Woman] gave us these ‘ere potatoes and saved thousands of lives with their nourishment, I guess we all wear tah sacks out of gratitude. Also ‘cause nobody can afford not to really. Those that can afford nicer clothes still show their respect tah the Dragon by wearing little bits of burlap in order to show they too come from humble roots and respect ‘em. Mosta those folk are far from humble but they wear a bit ah burlap all the same. So when ya come trampling round ‘ere wearin no burlap an ogling at all tah townsfolk it really sends tah wrong message. Well, that’s all ah got fer ya, sorry ‘bout ya bein lost an’ all but I’m sure ya gonna figure it all out just fine. Tah church near tah plaza gives out a charity potato every day so if yer hungry or wanna join us other folk to start plantin in tah fields make sure tah stop by there. Oh, an’ one last thing fer yer to consider: if ya see a man with a burlap cap anda looooong beard, stay away from ‘em cause he gonna rob ya. Unlucky mister got a bad harvest and is starvin’ half tah death, and his poor wife already bit tah dust last week… That’s how it is out ‘ere sometimes. Alright Mister, well take care now.
The woman says her goodbyes with a sympathetic look in her eye and gets up from the stool. You dumbly wave back at her in gratitude but don’t quite gesture right since you are waving the hand holding the potato. While munching on her dinner, she heads back to the third floor while you simultaneously exit the way you came and you find yourself back in the first floor room. It isn’t easy, but you manage to force half of the potato down before you give up on the rest and force the remaining chunk into your pocket. Adjusting your new bracelet, you head outside and back onto the road.
