As quietly as you can, you tiptoe to the slightly open door and slip inside before the person manning the counter notices. You thank yourself for cleaning your shoes which avoided any squelching noises, and get a bearing of the room. The area is bigger than expected at about 15 meters across in a square shape. Cleverly, there are little stalls and aisles dividing the room up, giving It the impression of being a tiny maze of sorts, and each stall has pictures and writing inside of it. From the ceiling are intermittent metal candleholders suspended by chains, and the flickering lights inside these give the space a cozy feeling. You hear the steps of one or two other people browsing the stalls but you cannot see them, and the overall air is one of relaxed learning. You approach the first stall, where there is a bit of writing and a drawing of a golden dragon that is rather well done. The writing reads:
Long ago, our world $worldName was created by the magnificent Ancient Dragon. He breathed fire into the land and gave it life for us to enjoy, and potatoes so that we may not starve.
Underneath the words is another drawing, except much simpler and is of a simple potato.
Moving to the next stall, there is a map of a continent that isn’t on any modern textbooks you know of. At the top, it is labeled ‘$worldName’. It shows a perfect Rhombus, with strange little waterfalls cascading down the sides. Across this rhombus is a mixture of jungles, deserts, marshes, grasslands, tundra, and more. Near the center is where the most mild climates appear, and there are two colored blobs here: One to the northeast of the center is labeled $kingdomName and to the southwest of the center is another blob labeled $neighborName. The furthest right of the first blob has a dot on it and next to that dot it says “Kingsbridge”. Below this map is another plaque, it reads:
About 200 years ago, a noble magician by the name of Serius ventured into the countryside of $kingdomName after being forced away by his vile brother. Frustrated, he vowed to create a new town of his own that wouldn’t be tormented by his brother’s harsh rule. Where our lovely plaza now stands, he used his abilities to rise the earth up and out of the ground to create an enormous palace. From here travelers would often pass as they made their way from the capital to his brother’s domain, and it wasn’t long before people of all sorts and backgrounds stopped at his palace to rest. Soon traders created stalls to sell goods to the travelers, and after finding success they created homes of their own as well. It didn’t take long until Kingsbridge flourished into a thriving trade town.
You make your way to the next stall. There, a drawing showing a town in flames with smoke billowing out from every window greets you.
After 40 years Serius’ brother grew frustrated and jealous, and decided to launch an attack. Unlike Serius, his brother had allegedly stockpiled a harvest of magical fruit rumored to give everlasting health. Whether this is true or not is still debated, however his brother was undoubtedly more powerful than the aging Serius thanks to either the fruit or some other trickery. The ensuing attack resulted in the destruction of the palace and the town being set on fire, as well as the tragic loss of our founder. With his dying breath however…
The text is interrupted with a small drawing of a perfect sphere made of stone, resting next to a tree
… Serius trapped his vengeful brother in a tomb of stone, saving the last of the town. After putting out the fires the townspeople cleared the rubble of the palace and kept the plaza free of further construction in memory of Serius and his love for traders. Even today, traders and peddlers from across the kingdom flock to Kingsbridge in order to sell their eccentric wares! It is from these humble beginnings that Kingsbridge gained its famous motto: ‘All good things start in Kingsbridge’
After finishing, you take a couple steps back and study the map again. If this map is accurate, then you have undoubtedly been magically transported into an entirely new world.
You browse the rest of the stalls but most of the information isn’t particularly important; it is about the rise and fall of different traders, the cultivation of the great potato fields to the west of the town opposite where you entered, and eventually the life story of the man who created the history room. After spending some more time browsing you notice a new door that must be the exit, and decide to pass through. You find yourself in a thin alleyway that must run behind the history room, and glancing around you see that there are many such alleyways running behind all the buildings in town. The Alleyway is cramped and unnerving so you make your way between two buildings and find yourself back at the plaza. Just as you emerge from the shadows, you notice at the opposite end of the plaza is a peculiarly dressed woman that stands out from the crowd. She is in a dress of vivid yellow, and is marching away confidently towards what looks like a church in the distance. Her $aHairColor hair waves in the wind as she walks away tantalizingly. In the back of your head, you understand that she must be someone important.
