You clamber up the rickety wooden steps to the porch of the tavern and move for the door, all the while cognizant of the smoking man at the end of the porch that stares at you unwaveringly. Pushing the door open, you step into the Tavern which is about the size of any average bar where you are from. There are a few tables and stools at the far side, but the Tavern is mostly empty space where burlap clad peasants munch on potatoes and drink beer out of wooden mugs. Along the left wall is a counter about waist high that sticks out from the wall like the letter U, and behind it a man of about 40 with long hair in a ponytail mans the bar. The inside of the tavern smells like cheap beer and a hint of vomit. After getting your bearings for a few moments everyone stops their conversations and stare at you. After a few uneasy seconds of wordless judgement, they all slowly turn back to each other and continue what they were doing. One person doesn’t seem to notice you, a uniquely dressed man in about his mid thirties standing at the counter with his back turned. Unlike everyone else who wears entirely burlap clothing, this man has a clean pair of grey pants and charcoal undershirt, with a sturdy leather cuirass over the top of that. Over his left shoulder is a large bronze pauldron with a neck guard that sticks up to ear level, securely strapped on by large strips of buckled leather over his chest and torso. Draped over his left arm and attached underneath the pauldron is a small cape of crimson that ends at his waist. A small glint of light reveals he is wearing bronze greaves over his shins, and a larger glint of light off his sweat proves he has a closely shaven bald head. Despite him clearly wearing a significant amount of wealth, he carries no weapon that you can see. Because he looks like someone important, you approach the seat next to him and sit down. Before you can say anything however, he breaks the silence by addressing you without looking your direction.
[Man] It’s too soon, you know.
Upon hearing his deep masculine voice, you look at him inquisitively. He is remarkably handsome, despite most of his face being covered by a thick black beard that extends about 2 inches below his chin. He has piercing light blue eyes that finally turn to your direction, and are so penetrating it feels as if they are boring straight through you. It’s clear by his expression that… He hates you.
[Man] Return one day and I will teach you how to enter the forbidden door. By then you will have learned to detest me, but I will teach you all the same. I will teach you because… I have no free will. None of us do. Regardless, you have gotten ahead of yourself and talked to me too soon. Leave me.
With that he turns back to the counter, indicating it is time to go. You get up slowly, and meander back to the entrance of the tavern. Taking one last look over your shoulder at the man, you open the door and take a step into the refreshing outdoor air. The man that was smoking on the porch earlier is gone.
