You run quick as you can towards the steeple of the church, eventually coming to a halt at the front door. Between gasps of air you scan the surrounding area, looking for a tale tell flash of yellow. Unfortunately you don’t find it, but you do manage to catch a glimpse of lavender going right around a corner up ahead and the chase is back on. As you approach the corner you slow down, and peek left around it so as not to expose yourself if they looked back. Your worries were needless however as the two have slowed down and are now chatting amiably with each other, joking around as they take another road. In this way you follow them, and they wander without any real purpose throughout the town while chatting away. With a pang you remember how you used to talk like that with your friends back home before this all started, but the memory is quickly forgotten. Eventually the cheerful pair make it all the way down to the southern part of town, and start looking for a restaurant to enter while you follow from about 75 feet apart. It doesn’t feel good to stalk like this but there hasn’t really been an opportune moment to introduce yourself yet. Yet again, the duo detour into an alleyway and you wait a second before following suit. This alleyway mazes around in a thin space between buildings, and you lose track of them. Jogging up to where the corners of four buildings meet and thus create a divergence in the alleyway, you glance to your right but see nobody. Turning, you check to see if they went the opposite direction only to see that they are standing right next to you in the alleyway, glaring angrily.
[Woman in Yellow] And just who the fuck do you think you are, stalking us like some kind of creep!?
You back up slowly and try to get a good look at them. The girl in yellow looks to be in her early 20’s and stands at about 5’4. She has gorgeous $aHairColor hair and glistening $aSkinColor skin. She wears a pretty yellow dress that ends just above the knee but underneath that dress is some sturdy leather armor, cleverly hidden behind blue laces and bows. Her brown leather boots don’t quite match the dress since they go up past her knees and have a multitude of black buckles, and it is clear that while the dress is for looks the boots mean business. On her back is an extremely long and thin blade that hangs slanted across her back, with a sheath that is decorated at the top with a small burlap ribbon. Her pretty $aEyeColor eyes spark with anger at you, and her facial features remind you of an old childhood friend you used to have growing up.
Next to her is her partner, the lady in lavender. She looks to be in her early 20’s as well but slightly older. She is about 5’6 and is clearly in peak athletic form. She wears nearly identical apparel except the dress is colored lavender with white laces and bows instead. Her sword is slightly less slanted on her back since she is taller, but it looks comically long all the same. She has silky smooth $liHairColor hair and supple $liSkinColor skin. She is so beautiful that it takes your breath away, and her $liEyeColor eyes glow at you with lurid emotion. The only imperfection on her face is that over and through her right eyebrow is a small scar about two inches long that slices straight down parallel to her nose. Speaking of eyebrows, they are furrowed angrily at you and you remind yourself to stop gawking and start speaking up.
[$pName] Now hold on a second…
[Woman in Lavender] How about you hold onto your ear after I slice it off?
She deftly reaches behind her to the hilt of her blade and with one swift motion propels it up and out of its sheath. Waiting a short moment for gravity to bring the blade back down, she reaches back up and snatches it out of the air, flourishing it and quickly bringing the entire length of the gleaming sword down and pointing straight at you.
 [$pName] Woah! I’m sorry really! You just looked like interesting characters and I wanted to…
[Woman in Lavender] Characters? Are you high? You some kind of junkie?
[Woman in Yellow] He’s a creep $liName, not even worth our time.
[$liName] honestly. Next time you want to get your rocks off it better not be anywhere near us again, got it?
[$pName] Oh… Okay…
The pair give you one last look of disgust before turning on their heels and exiting back into the street, leaving you standing there speechless. It all happened so fast you didn’t even have time to properly explain yourself, and now the opportunity is lost. But then a blur of movement grabs your attention at the end of the alleyway and you catch a glimpse of something white disappear around the corner. Intrigued, you jog over and peer around the wall but whoever caused it is gone as well. It seems nothing is going your way today.
You wander around the town for the next several hours, until you feel pretty familiar with the area. Wandering to the north you pass dozens of craftsmen working in their lodges, working leather or pounding metal into numerous shapes. Further on the felters beat bales of wool furiously in an effort to make it workable for weavers to make garments, and cobblers carefully stitch leather together to make fine pairs of boots. After exploring a bit more the sun has set enough for you to know which direction west is, and you realize you haven’t gone to that section of town yet so you head over. The western area is opposite where you started, and has hundreds of shacks filled with potatoes mixed in with the mud huts that people live in. From the edge of the town you gaze towards the sunset, and below that burning orb of light are potato fields stretching away as far as the eye can see. Other than a few dozen people checking on the crops there isn’t much to see, so you start strolling towards the southern end of town. Along the way you can’t resist the hunger pangs anymore and eat the $food you had been saving all this time. At the southern end is mostly nicer residentials, and there are shops propped up against the houses here and there implying the inhabitants sell trinkets out of their front door. There is significantly more road traffic here as well as many people walk along the main south road and a few carts pulled by horses amble past filled with miscellaneous goods. A little later you happen across a shrine, where a perfectly spherical orb of polished stone rests. The orb is slightly taller than you, and is so perfectly round and polished it can’t possibly be handmade. Below the orb is a plaque reading ‘Serius’ last stand.’ You lean against a tree next to the orb resting for a while, gathering your thoughts. After a while of simply watching the inhabitants of Kingsbridge pass by, the sun begins to set. You will have to either find a place to hunker down in the town for the night or leave before it gets too dark to see where you are going.
