It is time to take care of this once and for all. First, you stride through the tall grass away from the tree and rip out handfuls of it until your arms are completely full. Next, you approach the edge of the grass where it meets the path only a few meters away from the Oak Tree. You lie down in the grass, careful to not disturb and bend any blades around you, end ensure that enough foliage is in front of you in order to hide your head properly. Finally, you lean sideways and spread the armful of grass across the top of your body, concealing it completely. In the end, you are hidden much better than you initially suspected and unless someone was specifically looking for you in the grass to begin with, no one would ever notice you. And so you wait, not moving an inch. Several hours pass, and the sun mercilessly beats down on your still body. You sweat constantly, and the salty liquid pools across your body making your position all the more uncomfortable. By the time the sun is setting you become dizzy with dehydration, and crazed with boredom. Only a handful of people pass by you during all this time, and none of them notice you in your hiding spot.
Finally, as the final light of dusk touches upon the gentle countryside, you hear a rustling. From your secret position you manage to spot a mysterious figure clad in black approaching the Oak Tree. He is dressed entirely in midnight black leathers and wears a hood, as well as a black veil underneath. Dozens of handles, probably those of weapons, stick out from his torso and limbs. Just looking at him fills you with fear, and a single bead of sweat runs down your forehead. With uncanny agility, he launches himself up the tree and effortlessly mounts the branches. He is so silent while doing so that you can barely hear him despite only being a few meters away. You begin to steel yourself for a fight; the big moment is approaching. 
The boards of the platform creak ominously as the hooded figure puts his weight on them, and adjusts his posture. The leaves of the oak tree rustle, and suddenly a loud crack sounds through the darkening landscape as the nails slip out and the platform collapses.
Whoosh!
SMASH!
The boards of the platform clatter across the branches until eventually falling, and smash into the dirt below. The hooded figure, despite being caught completely by surprise, manages to land on his feet off balance and tries to tuck into a roll. Instead, he lands heavily on his shoulder which hits the ground awkwardly. With a loud grunt of frustration, he continues his momentum until he returns to his feet, rubbing at his shoulder. It’s now or never. Yelling, you charge out of the grass with your fist cocked back and ready for attack. One of the last rays of sunset glints off a small metal piece of his bow, caught underneath the platform, and you triumphantly realize he is unarmed for the time being. This is the best chance you are going to get.
[$pName] Fuck you!
Within seconds you are upon him, and he is caught completely off guard by your attack. Nonetheless, his ability is extraordinary and he manages to duck your punch in the nick of time.
[???] …
[$pName] Fucker…
You keep up the pressure, firing punches as fast as you can. No matter how fast you throw them, the hooded figure dodges them with precision and lightning speed. After only 15 seconds of wildly throwing punches, you start to run out of breath and slow down your flurry of attacks.
[???] …
The mysterious man wordlessly notices you slowing down and moves in for the attack. Afraid of the sudden pressure, you throw a panicked right hook.
Fwish!
The hook misses entirely, and the man ducks under it adeptly. Coming back up, he hooks his right arm around your punching arm so that your forearm is stuck inside the nook of his elbow. In the same fluid motion the man masterfully sweeps left and towards you, planting their left leg inside of your right and their left hand on your right shoulder. The momentum shifts, and you realize too late what is happening. With a great shove, the man pushes your right shoulder with his left while simultaneously pulling back with his right arm, which still holds your trapped forearm. Using his leg as a fulcrum, you are forced forward and tripping over his thigh. Because he still holds your arm you fall with incredible speed straight towards the ground and are unable to shield your face as you smash into the dirt.
WHOMPH
[$pName] Gauugh
[???] …
Your mouth fills with dirt and you see lights flash before your eyes. The figure is on top of you now, and holds your right arm behind you in an armlock. You are on your stomach lying on the ground, and he puts all his weight on top of you stripping you of any ability to move or even struggle. You are helpless. Normally this is where you say ‘uncle’ and are let go, but the man has other plans. Without a moment’s hesitation he snaps your arm upwards.
CRACK!
Blinding pain shoots through your shoulder, he has just dislocated it entirely and forces it even further, threatening to break even more.
[???] …
Screaming, you struggle as best you can to get up or do anything at all, but it is hopeless. In the corner of your eye, you see him let go of your now useless right arm and reaches for your head. He wraps his fingers around your chin and pulls up, painfully forcing you to look ahead and exposing your neck. With his other hand, he reaches for something attached to his leg, and you hear the distinctive sound of a knife being pulled out of a sheath.
A cold shiver runs down your spine. This is the end.
He places the knife’s blade against your throat and for the first time hesitates for a moment as if he is relishing the power he holds over you. And then, just when you think all is lost, you hear a new voice behind you.
[???] Stop!
The voice belongs to a woman, someone has arrived to save you! But just as you are getting your hopes up, the man with one swift motion draws the blade across your throat and slashes it open. Leaping from your back, he turns to face the newcomer and leaves you bleeding in the dirt. You cannot believe it; he’s just killed you and now you have mere seconds left before it all ends. You turn onto your back quickly as you can, clutching at your throat and gurgling blood. Your entire body goes numb, and you can’t even feel your shoulder anymore. All you feel is fear. Blinding lights shoot across your vision, and everything starts getting rapidly darker. Trying to lean up, you attempt to look at what is going on with the newcomer. Impossibly, a woman in a lavender dress and an incredibly long sword is dueling with the hooded figure, who is only barely managing to defend himself against the assailant. In your final moments, you attempt to crawl towards the duel in an effort to help but its too late, you are far too weak to do anything now. Overcome with the desire to sleep, you finally collapse in the dirt and turn to face upwards at the sky. You get one last look before the blood loss overcomes you and your heart stops beating, giving up on the lost cause that is your body. Even now, the stars twinkle gently in the reflection of your lifeless eyes.
The Moon sure is Beautiful Tonight.
THE END.
