[$pName] Don’t ask me how I know this but… Your husband is dead. I’m sorry.
[woman] What!? How!? Where!?
She looks away and breaks into tears, her entire body heaving with grief. Awkwardly you pat her on the back a little to try and comfort her but she doesn’t seem to notice. After several minutes of sobbing, she finally manages to utter a few words in between the waves of emotion.
[woman] Are… ya… sure?
[$pName] I saw him in the forest, he was killed by the stranger you mentioned earlier. I wouldn’t try to go in there and see his body for a while though, it is dangerous. That man is a killer without a doubt.
You rub your forehead at the spot where the arrow pierced it not long ago. It’s a blurry memory, but one you likely will struggle to forget.
The woman leans backwards and sits down on the ground, hugging her knees to her chest and staring blankly towards the forest. Tears stream her cheeks but she stops making any noise other than an occasional sniffle. Finally she looks up at you, and asks
[woman] What do I do?
You stare back at her blankly. What should she do? She just lost her husband and can’t even recover the body. You shudder at the thought of her seeing the carnage in the forest, it would be entirely too much for any person to handle.
[$pName] There is nothing you can do, other than help me. Help me avenge your husband. Help me spring a trap on the killer.
The woman looks up at you in shock.
[woman] what… what do you mean?
[$pName] Give me one of your late husband’s spare hammers. I know where the platform your husband built is and If I could loosen the nails on the structure, the killer might try and use it and take a hard fall. While he is stunned I could defeat him, and avenge his death. In a way, I would avenge myself as well…
[woman] would you really do that for me? Why on earth would you risk your life like that for someone you don’t even know?
You break eye contact with her and stare up into the sky, where a lonely cloud floats along with determination.
[$pName] To be honest, I don’t know why. I guess its just the right thing to do.
Wordlessly, the woman stands back up and walks over to the workshop. She disappears inside for a few moments before finally returning, bringing with her a flimsy looking hammer.
[woman] This is only his backup hammer but It will get the job done. Be careful!
[$pName] I’ll do my best.
You take the hammer from her, and hold it firmly in your hand. With a wave of farewell, you turn around and head back the way you came. The weight of the hammer is oddly comforting, and as you walk along the path you try a few practice swings. The metal component of the hammer is strangely loose where it connects to the wood, making it feel a little flimsy. All the same it is better than trying to fight the killer by smacking him with the $food you have in your pocket, so you feel much safer. It doesn’t take long before you get back to the fork in the road, and yet again you get that eerie feeling of danger coming from the path that leads into the forest. Even though you are better protected with the hammer, you haven’t exactly fought anyone in armed combat before so it will be for the best if you patiently wait for the trap to give you an advantage.
You retrace your steps further, breathing heavily as you laboriously march up the steep hills that eventually lead to the Oak Tree. You feel your throat is a little dry and could definitely use a drink sometime soon. Before long you are back at the Oak Tree and catch your breath while leaning against it in the shade. You peer upwards to make sure the killer isn’t waiting for you, and luckily there isn’t a trace of anyone on the platform or in the branches. After resting for a little while you steel yourself for the effort of climbing the tree, and tuck the hammer into your waistband.
Backing up so that you can get a good running start, you face the tree trunk and lower yourself into a sprinter’s position. Launching with all your ability, you spring forward and rapidly gain speed until you approach the base of the tree. Jumping as hard as you can you fly into the trunk, and push off it with your other leg to gain even more height. In the end, the effort was pitiful and you hardly gain any height at all, but it is just barely enough to reach the lowest branch. You grasp at it and by channeling your inner spider monkey, barely manage to swing your legs up and grab hold. With an enormous effort you loop your leg around the branch and push up until you finally are sitting on the branch. Following this same pattern and making sure to rest often, you manage to climb several more branches and eventually find yourself at the platform.
The platform is resting on a branch, with two planks on either side nailed into it and connect to the base of the tree to keep it steady. The wood is freshly cut and smells wonderful, and you imagine it would be a comfortable albeit small spot for a picnic. Climbing up, you manage to sit on the platform and look around; the leaves obscure much of your vision however you have a perfect view of the path leading to Kingsbridge almost all the way up until the rickety wooden sign. Anyone who sits up here would be able to see travelers coming down that path well in advance, and would be completely hidden by the leaves of the tree. Furthermore, the platform is just barely wide enough for someone to kneel on it meaning anyone with exceptional balance would be able to shoot a gun or fire an arrow from here as well. If not for the platform, a tree branch would be too curved and unsteady for that purpose.
The Killer must have forced the carpenter to build this platform so that he could ambush somebody, and will likely use that bow of his to attack that somebody sometime soon from this very spot. Careful not to send the whole thing crashing down, you lower yourself onto a branch near the platform and lean over so that you can rest your hands on the planks. With one of your hands holding you steady and the other gripping the hammer, you slowly work at the nails until they are almost completely out of the wood. Anyone trying to get on top of this platform now would never notice the loosened nails unless they knew they were messed with in advance, and once they tried to balance on the wooden square it would eventually tip over and send them hurtling down. Satisfied, you drop your hammer and begin to lower yourself down. It is slow going but you manage it without causing any injury to yourself. Dropping the last few feet, you bend you knees to soften the blow and look around you. Still no sign of the killer. Unfortunately, it looks like the effort of prying at the nails and then dropping the hammer to the ground was enough to snap it, and you decide to toss the broken pieces into the tall grass so that it is hidden.
At this point you need to make a decision. There isn’t really anywhere to hide nearby, unless you lay prone in the tall grass which would work but not very well. You could head back towards the forest again but since that is the direction the Killer will be coming from, you don’t want to run into them on the way there and get another bad ending. The only other option then is to head towards the town of Kingsbridge and try to get find some sort of additional advantage there.
