You enter the forest carefully, making sure to take your time observing your surroundings. Around you are a multitude of trees covered in moss, with fauna and plant life overflowing across each other and the path ahead. Smaller, younger trees do their best to get their own share of sunlight and stretch for the sky in earnest, while spiders and their well engineered webs hang from the boughs. As you walk, a butterfly playfully flutters ahead of you and disappears behind a bush.
The gentle breeze struggles to gain momentum within the forest because of all the obstacles in the way, but it does a great job refreshing you regardless. It causes the leaves far above you to dance and send gorgeous rays of sunlight flashing across the forest floor. The path winds ahead, and starts taking sharp turns as it dodges small boulders and large fallen trunks from the once mighty kings of the forest. As you follow the path, you take care to avoid hazards along the way and duck under small swarms of insects milling about in the air in front of you. Finally, after having followed the path for several minutes, you step on a small branch by accident and with a loud snap it breaks in half. The snap is loud, too loud. You realize that the birds aren’t singing anymore, in fact it is completely silent around you. You glance around but see nothing; that is, until you notice a boot. There is a boot with the toe pointed up, perhaps 20 feet ahead of you. It is almost hidden behind an enormous log, but the man-made shape stands out clearly against the surrounding nature. You creep towards the boot as quietly as you can, constantly scanning your surroundings but finding nothing. Eventually, you get close enough to the boot to be able to see around the log.
The boot is connected to a foot. The foot is connected to a leg, and that leg is connected to… nothing. Instead, a gnarly mess of disturbed muscle and sinew dangles bloodily out the top of the thigh, spilling into a pool of blood on the forest floor. Stuck into the thigh of the dismembered leg is a single arrow, lodged firmly into the flesh. In shock, you take a step back and look up. You wish you never did.
Tied to a sturdy branch above the leg and dangling by the hands is the body of a man that is clearly missing the leg you just saw. His hands are tied by a rope to the branch above him, and he hangs a few inches above the ground. Blood is still dripping out of the slice where the leg was shorn off, and he isn’t bloated with rot yet. He was killed recently, perhaps as recent as a few hours. Around his waist is a toolbelt with a saw, nails, and a hammer attached. Several of the nails had spilled out of the pouch he kept them in and lay scattered across the forest floor. The man is wearing a maroon shirt with a rough looking vest over it, likely made of burlap. Unable to look at the gruesome sight any longer and feeling nauseous, you backup and close your eyes.
[???] I am Become DEATH…
Someone speaks with a voice like nails on a chalkboard, and they are immediately behind you. Whirling around in a panic, you desperately try to find the speaker but it is too late.
Wheeooow!
The shrill whistle of an arrow rings in your ears and you briefly feel the impact of something small and sharp hitting your head. In the very next instant everything goes black, and your limp body collapses. You never even saw your assailant, and now you lay on the ground dead. Your journey is over before it ever even began.
THE END.
