Slowly wandering down the temple steps, you are filled with trepidation. The steps and walls are made of stone, which is cold to the touch. There is hardly any lighting at all, and only when you think there couldn’t possibly be enough light for you to see where you are going does another torch affixed to the wall come into view and save you from the darkness. Down the five of you go, deeper and deeper into the temple for what feels like ages. Somewhere far away you hear distant screams.
Finally, you arrive at the bottom of the staircase. In front of you is a long hallway, littered with what looks like hundreds of dead cultists. The way forward is filled to the brim with devious traps, and It seems that the cultists have triggered every single one in this hellish hallway: spike pits are lined with corpses, deadly pendulums which once swung are caught up in bloody limbs and swing no more, and dart traps have shot every poisonous dart once loaded into them. The stench of rot instantly overwhelms you, and you hear $bardName throwing up a little behind you. It is an unbelievably disturbing scene and it makes you feel utterly sick. A plaque on the wall next to you reads:
KNOW WHAT YOU ARE
And nothing else. The possibility of some of the traps not having been triggered yet remains, but you have no choice but to press forwards as you begin to enter the bloody hallway.
[$liName] be careful $pName…
The spike pits are so clogged with bodies you simply use their flesh as a human bridge and walk over it. The pendulums cannot move anymore so you duck under them and press on. The Darts don’t shoot when you stumble over the pressure plates, and at the far end of the hallway a large boulder rests motionless. It looks like someone set off a trap and was chased by this boulder a while ago, and their flattened remains prove they didn’t succeed in their escape. Finally after holding your nose and inching along the hallway for what feels like ages, you emerge past the other side and make it to another staircase leading downwards. Once your friends finish following your path, they breathe a sigh of relief to have made it and join you in the descent. 
After another long journey downwards, you find yourself at the start to the second trial. This one is slightly wider than the other, and has a strange looking grid of stones with letters on them filling much of the hallway floor. A plaque on the wall reads:
KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE
You try to inspect the hallway in as much detail as you can. In total, the floor’s grid is 10 spaces long and three spaces wide. The cultists managed to get this far already, and it looks like they have set off a decent amount of the traps before you got here. Many of the grid spaces are missing, and it looks like some kind of vent is underneath these tiles with letters on them. Judging by the bodies laying on the ground, it can be assumed that if you step on the wrong tile then the vent underneath it releases some kind of deadly gas which kills the test taker. Almost all the tiles that are near the starting point have been already triggered, meaning you know which tile is safe to step on until the 7th position. From there, none of them have been triggered which means you will need to decide which 4 tiles to step on after the first six. The only way to get across the hallway is to step on the correct lettered tiles. You draw the grid out in your mind, so that you can better understand it. You represent the exposed/ missing tiles as an X, and all the still intact tiles with the letter that corresponds with them. 
Q | X | X | X | X | Y | N | W | C | E
X | W | X | R | T | X | U| I   | G | X
X | X  | E | X | X  | X | Z | L  | O |  P
The diagram assumes you are looking from the top down at the hallway floor tiles, with you and your friends starting at the left side and wanting to get across to the right.
[$aName] $pName, I’m not gonna lie to you. I have no stinking clue what the heck this puzzle is supposed to be about.
[$mName] Hey, look over here!
You turn to see $mName dusting off a second plaque which could easily go unnoticed in the corner. It reads:
THE ANSWER IS RIGHT UNDER YOUR NOSE
[$bardName] How exciting! A booby trapped hallway, a fantastical riddle, it’s all so incredible! This will be my finest ballad yet, I can’t wait! $pName, you can hurry up and solve the riddle now so that we can move on.
[$pName] I’m working on it…
The others don’t have a clue what the answer could be, so it must be something only you could know. You have a clue: “The answer is right under your nose”. You also have the introduction: “Know what you have”. And lastly, you have the grid. You know what the first six allowed tiles are, but need to figure out the final four. One wrong guess and it will mean certain death for both you and your friends. You need to figure out what the pattern is and determine the safe path to continue.
Please enter the correct four letters representing the safe tiles to pass the test.
