The story picks back up two weeks after the events at the Barony. Since then your gang has been travelling west, all the way to the far edge of $kingdomName. During this time you have been able to practice swordsmanship with $liName some more, and now you are finally confident that you could at least beat a toddler in a duel. Furthermore, $mName has taught you a couple card tricks to keep you entertained. You can’t do any of the fancy tricks he invented using his control word magic, but the sleight of hand he shares with you is more than enough to impress $aName.
The card deck $mName uses for his tricks is very strange. It is a deck of uno playing cards, well worn from years of heavy use and shuffling. You tried at one point to ask him where he found them, but he simply explained his old magic mentor gave them to him as a gift years ago and he never bothered asking where it came from. To him, having such a unique deck of cards is nothing out of the ordinary.
After what felt like ages of traveling, the day finally came when you could see the fuzzy outline of Durango off in the distance. Pulling on $hName’s reins, you stop to strategize with the others.
[$pName] Looks like we finally made it! Let’s review our game plan guys.
[$aName] Right. First, we enter Durango and try to find a guide for getting us to the... uh… rrr…
[$liName] Ruins?
[$aName] Right, the Ruins. Guide for getting to the ruins.
[$liName] Second, we approach the ruins while staying careful not to alert the Cultists.
[$mName] Third, we capture one and figure out what they are after. Is that everything?
[$pName] I think that’s everything. Questions? No? Alright, let’s head in.
The four of you ride towards the town. Around you is predominately forest, but every now and then there is a wide patch grass where an assortment of flowers and large bushes grow. The trees are tall and thin, and their branches only start growing out about 15 feet up so there is a peculiar optical effect whenever you look past the tree trunks while riding. The trees grow close to each other and small monkeys use this to their advantage as they leap from branch to branch. After a bit of this idle observation your crew passes by a small dairy farm nestled between the foliage, and a friendly cow moos a greeting towards you.
[$mName] Hey $pName, what do you get from a pampered cow?
[$pName] I have a feeling you are about to tell me…
[$mName] Spoiled milk!
[$aName, $liName, $pName] UGH.
After a bit more of peaceful riding and sightseeing you arrive at Durango. Here the buildings have a unique look to them which you hadn’t seen in $kingdomName before. Eight logs stacked high made from the local trees are placed in the shape of an octagon, and between these logs are bushels of hay strapped together and tightly packed. These stacks are shoved in the corners between the logs and are covered by thin layers of mud for protection against the wind and rain. In the center of each building is a slightly taller tree log, which acts as a center point for the roof. Thatching connects the center log to the outer vertices, and gives it a nice sloped roof. Overall, the buildings here have a plain aesthetic but they are well built and maintained unlike many of the wooden structures you have seen before.
Durango isn’t very big, and it takes only a minute before your group makes it to the town center. You look around for a tavern or somewhere you could recruit a guide, but find none. Instead, the center of town is dominated by a single much larger version of the other buildings, and it looks like it must act as some kind of community center. Hesitatingly, you venture into an opening and peer inside.
In one corner is a bar of some sort, except instead of a counter there is a table that is maybe only a foot tall. A few people sit with their legs criss-crossed in front of the table, and chat idly with each other and the bartender.  Opposite this corner is a communal sleeping area, where a great deal of straw and rough looking blankets are strewn about. Nobody is resting there at the time being. Across the building from you there is a large crowd of people huddled around a shallow stage, where a lone person is performing some kind of song. It is hard to hear over the hubbub of the bar patrons and crowd so you move closer.
The singer finishes their song just as you near, and the audience claps politely. Placing her guitar on the ground, she then picks up a cone made of terracotta and places it to her lips. She holds the cone with one hand while gently ringing what looks like a cowbell with the other. She begins to sing a new song now, which echoes eerily across the room.
